You also came to meet Beizi the day before yesterday.
What has this Beizi been doing with my brother?
Isn’t it possible for anyone to know scriptures and poems?
I heard you saw me? I see,
Are you really lying and not daring to submit?
Lie this is the sun,
Your Majesty will take you to heaven again,
Believe it is coming,
Confucius’ sun, you are different,
Next to the sky,
Then add the amount of imperial color,
With the sixth graders, dip your hands,
If you eat well, you should be able to recover.
Still pretending.
I've had this bag on my back for so many years
Many places have already fallen apart
He could actually say it
how do you know
You are not the original appearance of this back